Release v0.6.1 (#377)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/) 
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.6.1]

### Fixed

> * Updated admonition types to those that are currently supported by `mkdocs-material`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated admonition types to those that are supported by `mkdocs-material` v9.4.2+.
```
I didn't think about this on the dev PR, but is it worth specifying the mkdocs version?
